Subject: Please read for tomorrow's R workshop

You are receiving this email because you have registered for the RCC
Workshop, "Introduction to R for data analysis", taking place tomorrow
(Tuesday, July 2), 2–5p in the Zar room, which is in the John Crerar
Library.

Here are a few notes about participating in the workshop.

First, if you cannot attend, please cancel your registration on the
Eventbrite website. This will help me get a better sense of workshop
size.

This is a hands-on tutorial, so you will get the most benefit from the
tutorial if you bring your laptop and work through the examples
in-class.

Please follow these steps before coming to the workshop:

1. Make sure that at least one of these statements is true:

(a) You have R 3.4 or above installed on your laptop.
(b) You have RStudio AND R (3.4 or above) installed on your laptop.
(c) You have an RCC account, and plan on running R (or RStudio) on the
RCC cluster.

Importantly, please check that you have a *recent* version of R on
your computer. Older versions (3.3 or less) may not work with some of
the R packages we will use during the workshop. If you have an older
version of R, it would be best if you upgraded to the latest version
available from the CRAN website.

2. Download the workshop packet, available from here:

https://github.com/rcc-uchicago/R-intro-divvy

To download, click the green “Clone or download” button. If necessary,
uncompress the ZIP file. And, if necessary, rename folder to
"R-intro-divvy".

Alternatively, if you have git, run this command to clone the repository:

  git clone https://github.com/rcc-uchicago/R-intro-divvy.git

3. Download the Divvy data. The WiFi cannot handle many people
downloading large files simultaneously, so it is important that you
download the data files before coming to the workshop tomorrow. Please
download the 2016 & 2017 Divvy data files from here:

https://www.divvybikes.com/system-data

After completing this step, you should have these 4 ZIP files on your
laptop:

  Divvy_Trips_2016_Q1Q2.zip
  Divvy_Trips_2016_Q3Q4.zip
  Divvy_Trips_2017_Q1Q2.zip
  Divvy_Trips_2017_Q3Q4.zip

I will give you additional setup instructions at the beginning of the
workshop.
